README.rst, before:

============
 sendKindle
============

CLI tool for sending files via email to your Kindle device.

Running
=======

You can run the tool directly simply by::

  $ ./sendKindle.py FILE...

or by::

  $ python3 sendKindle.py FILE...

(use ``--help`` option of course if you don't know this tool yet)

Installation
============

You can install this tool using `distutils <http://docs.python.org/2/install/index.html#the-new-standard-distutils>`_, `easy_install <http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/EasyInstall>`_ or `pip <http://pip.openplans.org/>`_ and have it in your PATH that way.

The recommended way::

  # pip3 install --user sendKindle

That will find, download and install the latest available version of the program.

License
=======

This program is a free software, licensed under `GNU AGPL 3+ <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html>`_.

Donations
=========

If you like this program, please `Flattr it <https://flattr.com/thing/323792/sendKindle>`_.

.. image:: http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png
   :target: https://flattr.com/thing/323792/sendKindle

Contact
=======

Visit program homepage at:
https://github.com/kparal/sendKindle

Please report all bugs to the `issue tracker <https://github.com/kparal/sendKindle/issues>`_, but don't request new features unless you have a patch for it. This is a small personal project and I don't plan to spend much more time on it. I will gladly merge your patches if they look reasonable.

Commit message:

README: add no-maintenance note

README.rst, after:

============
 sendKindle
============

----

.. image:: http://unmaintained.tech/badge.svg
  :target: http://unmaintained.tech/
  :alt: No Maintenance Intended

**sendKindle is no longer maintained!**

If you feel that sendKindle should be resurrected, please fork this project and work on your improvements. I'll gladly redirect people to your new version.

----

CLI tool for sending files via email to your Kindle device.

Running
=======

You can run the tool directly simply by::

  $ ./sendKindle.py FILE...

or by::

  $ python3 sendKindle.py FILE...

(use ``--help`` option of course if you don't know this tool yet)

Installation
============

You can install this tool using `distutils <http://docs.python.org/2/install/index.html#the-new-standard-distutils>`_, `easy_install <http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/EasyInstall>`_ or `pip <http://pip.openplans.org/>`_ and have it in your PATH that way.

The recommended way::

  # pip3 install --user sendKindle

That will find, download and install the latest available version of the program.

License
=======

This program is a free software, licensed under `GNU AGPL 3+ <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html>`_.

Donations
=========

If you like this program, please `Flattr it <https://flattr.com/thing/323792/sendKindle>`_.

.. image:: http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png
   :target: https://flattr.com/thing/323792/sendKindle

Contact
=======

Visit program homepage at:
https://github.com/kparal/sendKindle

Please report all bugs to the `issue tracker <https://github.com/kparal/sendKindle/issues>`_, but don't request new features unless you have a patch for it. This is a small personal project and I don't plan to spend much more time on it. I will gladly merge your patches if they look reasonable.
